bsdlib: release 0.5.0 (#91)
NordicPlayground/nrfxlib: bsdlib/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

bsdlib 0.5.0
************

> * `bsd_irrecoverable_handler()` has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :cpp:func:`bsd_irrecoverable_handler()` has been removed.
```

>   The application now longer needs to implement it to receive errors during initialization, which are instead reported via `bsd_init() return value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The application no longer needs to implement it to receive errors during initialization, which are instead reported via :cpp:func:`bsd_init()` return value.
```

> * `bsd_shutdown()` now returns an integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :cpp:func:`bsd_shutdown()` now returns an integer.
```

* Added RAW socket support.
* Added missing AGPS data models.

> * Added APGS nofification support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added APGS notification support.
```

> * Fixed an issue where AGPS data can not be written when the GPS socket is in stopped state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where AGPS data could not be written when the GPS socket was in stopped state.
```
